here is the famous tram-train that we discovered at the end of
robot you are vice president of the m2a
for that, these excesses Thursday night happened so
Cameroonian go from dream to reality it was fantastic in the
reality what has happened and his ten years of reflection on the
constructions in theory to visit elsewhere we will look
and finally the machine every year real situation why it was
important to create a king extension tram or to agglomeration and
it's a global concept actually so visitors and jean-marie bockel has
made at the time a quarter either - public transport has grown in
fantastic because in fact everything that would be the equivalent of trm in germany
its combined with the tramway and it's the overall offer that has been a success
commercial than plastic so concretely that means what to say
that young Mulhouse people will be able to go to the countryside
by this means of locomotion the Mulhouseians and the inhabitants of breakdown this
that it will work both ways and that will concretely allow someone
who is a talented hangar to sit in a tram-train rush has arrived
until mulhouse leads to stop before supposed to be forced to go
to the losc train station
to stop en route to take connections and trams because
that the tram-train it hugs% before years mulhouse and as soon as it arrives at
mulhouse it is tramway
will the Mulhouse have suffered to deserve this tram-train
attention it's an answer to him named the project is ceded to
transform the city transform the city that means works it wants
say important things and there was the development phase for the
dialogue between adrien zeller and jean-marie bockel
because if he had made a personal agreement between jean-marie bockel adrien
zeller to this project we could not inaugurated in December
and after he had to also have to work in town when of course in
did one of tram lines when cut the city in four for two
years
yes of course it's been hard what's going to happen in these last six
months that what it takes to debug abbas feed type is
not ended up finding several workouts the training job
drivers who are in the ranks and where the csf
since our ambition is that in an undifferentiated way the drivers
coming from both professional cultures all quite
indifferent then sacha both assumed the end-to-end conduct of his oars
for these checks this security theme is heavy we will make
balad and over 200 people in pickups at their bank of course that
technical and security processes to check it will cost
how much of using the tram-train there will be assystem zoning is not
still quite to determine because we will know that with the same type
of transport the people who teased me more after having the correspondences and
trolley is not yet quite the lob the principle of the orange card
the Paris region but it's a bit on the gala of its consequences